# AmazonMusicProject
&lt;sensitive>

Purpose: Amazon has offered a promotion where new users can get a free 3-month trial of Amazon Music. One can create a new account, sign up for the trial and have 3 months free with a premium music service. Unfortunately, when the trial is over, the user loses access to their music. They can repeat the process of creating a new account and enjoying another 3 months free, but will have to spend hours adding their songs back. The end goal of this project is to automate this entire process so the user can seamlessly enjoy Amazon Music (premium) for free. The program will create a new email account with a user specified username/password and use this gmail account to sign up for an Amazon account. The program will then claim the user's free trial. This step will require the user to provide a payment method. I do this using an empty Visa Prepaid Card with an expiration date years in the future. YOU DO NOT WANT TO ENTER AN ACTUAL PAYMENT METHOD OR YOU WILL BE CHARGED AT THE END OF YOUR 3 MONTH TRIAL IF YOU DO NOT CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION. At the end of your 3 month trial, the program will save all of the songs in your MUSIC LIBRARY (not individual playlists). The program will then create a new email based on your previous email and use the same password. For example, if your first email was test@gmail.com the next iteration will be test2@gmail.com then test3. The program will automatically load the songs from your previous music library into the current library.
